[ADD] accounting: add a new doc about Invoice Online Payment (#678)
odoo/documentation-user: accounting/receivables/customer_payments/online_payment.rst

======================
Invoice Online Payment
======================

To make it more convenient for your customers to pay the invoices you issue, you can activate the

> **Invoice Online Payment** feature, which adds a *Pay Now* button on their **Customer Portal**.

Reviewer: "Allow your customer to just not see, but also pay their invoices through their Customer Portal. Offering extra convenient payment options, you show flexibility and appeal to a wider audience."

Author: Thanks, I added a sentence based on your suggestion :)

.. image:: media/online-payment-acquirers.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Payment acquirer choice after having clicked on "Pay Now"

Configuration
=============

Make sure your :ref:`Payment Acquirers are correctly configured <payment_acquirers/configuration>`.

.. note::
   By default, ":doc:`Wire Transfer <../../../general/payment_acquirers/wire_transfer>`" is the only
   Payment Acquirer activated, but you still have to fill out the payment details.

To activate the Invoice Online Payment, go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration -->
Customer Payments`, enable **Invoice Online Payment**, and click on *Save*.

Customer Portal
===============

After issuing the invoice, click on *Send & Print* and send the invoice by email to the customer.

> They will receive an email with a link to the see the invoice on their **Customer Portal**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They will receive an email with a link that redirects them to the invoice on their **Customer Portal**.
```
They will receive an email with a link to see the invoice on their **Customer Portal**.

.. image:: media/online-payment-view-invoice.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Email with a link to view the invoice online on the Customer Portal.

> They can choose which Payment Acquirer to use to pay their invoice by clicking on *Pay Now*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They can choose which Payment Acquirer to use by clicking on *Pay Now*.
```

.. image:: media/online-payment-pay-now.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: *Pay Now* the invoice in the Customer Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: View of an invoice and the option to *Pay Now* through the Customer Portal.
```
